                                                    it.unipr.aotlab
                                                           05/09/12
                                                           
    -----     [[ DMAT LIBRARY ]]      Language branch     -----    

This is the Language branch of the dmat library.
It introduces classes and objects in the Scala programming language
to write programs of master nodes.

Compile:
  Compiling the project, including scala sources, is possible
  thanks to maven executing
  
      mvn compile
  
  Excluding scala sources from the process is still possible with
  the following command:
  
      mvn -P'!scala-bindings' compile


Package and other goals:
  Idem as compile, simply replace the goal with the one you like!
  
  If you want to test only the java library and you have compiled
  also the scala sources, please run mvn clear to remove them or
  java will try to run (obviously without success) the
  already-compiled scala tests


Changing default behaviour:
  If you want to change the default behaviour from "compile-all" to
  "compile-without-scala", simply change the pom.xml: go to profile
  with id scala-bindings, then to the tag activation, then switch
  activeByDefault from true to false. Now mvn compile will not
  include scala sources. If you want to include them, you must do
  mvn -Pscala-bindings compile


Warnings - changing the pom.xml
  The three-stage compilation (scala-java-scala) has to be
  reduced to the two stages java-scala, because none of the java 
  classes depends on scala ones (and this avoids compiler errors).
  Furthermore sendJavaToScalac has to be set to false, or the
  compiler finds errors in the protobuf generated classes (indeed
  isn't clear how java can resolve BuilderParent to 
  com.google.protobuf.GeneratedMessage.BuilderParent without
  an import statement).
  The maven-scala-plugin (scalac) outputDir could be set to another
  directory to separate java and scala classes, but shade seems not
  to find it, so they have been simply leaved together.
  Once happened that inserting the scalac command-line arguments
  via the args tag, as suggested in the plugin page, brings to
  problems probably due to the endline separation. These arguments 
  seemd not important, so they had been removed. Indeed a mvn clean
  solved the issue.
  
  

